journalists targeted yet again by
Israeli fire in southern Lebanon Farah
Omar was 25 years old and Rabia m a
father of two working for the pan Arab
media channel El mayadin were killed a
local journalist who was with them was
also killed they had just finished
reporting live from the village of
terara when what is believed to be an
Israeli drone hit their position elmead
said the strike had deliberately
targeted the TV crew because Israel has
been trying to silence a channel known
to be Pro Palestinian this is not these
are not accidents happening this is not
collateral damage this is a this is a
direct targeting of journalists who are
covering uh from South Lebanon what what
has had those journalists were wearing
helmets they were wearing waste coats uh
and their cars were very clearly marked
as as press and they were targeted
anyway they aren't the first members of
the media to be killed in southern
Lebanon just days into the war Reuters
journalist Isam Abdullah was killed and
others wounded in what reporters Without
Borders said was a targeted strike from
the direction of the Israeli
border a month later journalists were
injured in an attack in the Border
Village of Yun it is getting harder to
do our job and cover the conflict along
the border we can't access many areas
because it is too dangerous we can't
stay in the same position for a long
time even though we're carrying a camera
and wearing the proper gear here to
identify ourselves as members of the
media we drive through empty Villages
empty roads fearing that we could be
targeted by an Israeli drone even though
we have this sticker on our
vehicle journalists in Gaza 2 have been
targeted dozens have been killed during
the more than six weeks of War Lebanon
is not the only place we saw sh
AB American Palestinian was killed
without anybody being held accountable
we had 50 journalists in Gaza and media
workers killed 60 media Outlets that
were destroyed in Gaza no one is holding
Israel accountable and unfortunately uh
the the people that are V victims are
the ones who are supposed to be telling
us what's happening Lebanon says it will
file a complaint with the UN on the
latest killings it won't be the first
Zen El naura Southern
Lebanon make sure to subscribe to our
Channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer